Open the Game!
Mankind knew they could not change society. So instead of reflecting on themselves, they blamed the Beasts.\nHEAVEN OR HELL\nDUEL 1\nLET\'S ROCK!
Work together, and you might survive.
The enemy is all around you.
The Iron Lords are watching, Guardians.
How will you fare against utter chaos?
Once more unto the breach!
It\'s time to kick ass and chew bubble gum... and you\'re all out of gum.
Would you kindly start the encounter?
Remove any doubts in your head. It\'s you or them.
Are we rushing in? Or are we going sneaky-beaky like?
For Queen and country, men!
For King and country, men!
These fellas are gonna regret waking up this morning.
Gentlemen and Ladies, it\'s time to fight!
Ladies and gentlemen, let\'s get ready to rumble!
Time to wrestle like bear!
Can\'t escape from crossing fate. Fight!
The wheel of fate is turning! Rebel 1! ACTION!!
Put on a show!\nWORLD IS A FUCK\nFirst Regret, Let\'s GET IT, CRACKERS!!
Stay focused, stay alive.
Busy night...but there\'s always room for another!
Everyone! Get in here!
Liadrin! Versus! Jaina!\n...wait. That\'s the wrong one. Just start the encounter...
The right people in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world.
No gods or kings, only man. Get on with it.
If our lives are already written, it would take courageous souls to change the script.
Do you think love can bloom, even on a battlefield?
If we are to be swallowed by fate, we must have fought well.
The courage to walk into the Darkness, but strength to return to the Light.
Nothing is true, everything is permitted.
NOTHING IS MORE BADASS THAN TREATING WOMEN WITH RESPECT! *guitar solo*
It\'s dangerous to go alone, take this!
Often when we guess at other\'s motives, we reveal only our own.
Endure and survive.
You can\'t undo what you\'ve already done, but you can face up to it.
Life is all about resolve. Outcome is secondary.
What is a man? A miserable little pile of secrets. But whatever, have at you!
A man chooses, a slave obeys.
Grass grows, birds fly, sun shines, and brother, you guys hurt people.
It\'s more important to master the cards you\'re holding than to complain about the ones your opponents were dealt.
What is a man but the sum of his memories? We are the stories we live! The tales we tell ourselves!
When life gives you lemons, don't make lemonade. Make life take the lemons back! Get mad! I don't want your damn lemons! What am I supposed to do with these?! Demand to see life's manager! Make life rue the day it thought it could give Cave Johnson lemons! Do you know who I am?! I'm the man who's gonna burn your house down! With the lemons! I'm gonna get my engineers to invent a combustible lemon that burns your house down!
Do you *like* hurting other people?
What is bravery, without a dash of recklessness?
Panasonic Blu-Ray $499... Hh yep. That\'s the wrong paper. Ignore that, please.
Can the defiled be consecrated? Can the fallen find rest?
I knew all of these paths once; now they are as twisted as man\'s ambitions.
Driving out corruption is an endless battle, but one that must be fought.
A spark without kindling is a goal without hope.
Cruel machinations spring to life with a singular purpose!
The blood pumps, the limbs obey!
Death is patient, it will wait.
Prodigious size alone does not dissuade the sharpened blade
The bigger the beast, the greater the glory.
Death waits for the slightest lapse in concentration.
A brilliant confluence of skill and purpose!
These nightmarish creatures can be felled! They can be beaten!
Success so clearly in view... or is it merely a trick of the light?
Remind yourself that overconfidence is a slow and insidious killer.